During the tour of presentations, my questions did get answered. Ben, one of the software developers,
informed me on his coding language preferences at home, which he loves to use C++ or C'
He finds them very fun and easy to use compared to other languages, as he feels like he can do more than one thing.
One of the other classmates answered my question before I myself could. In this way, Ben explained to him
that he gotten brought into this career because not only did he need a job at work, but working at
Cesium Headquarters was fun to him, despite the methods of complexity being present. He just enjoyed working there.

'As I make it in the building, I only thought it as only a boring trip about programming.'
What I failed to realize is how fun the conversation were, and what workers do in the building do to pass time.
'As I gotten more comfortable with being there, I started asking questions I never thought I would mention.'
'As meeing the very nice people there, the presentations felt more interesting the longer I focused, and the more I wrote. 
'The first thing that caught my eye the most was a digital header next to the main room. 
I then learned of how big this commpany really is. There are so many major companies and gaming brands that Cesium HD haveassociated with. 
'it generally increases the WOW factor in the tour.'

'Cesium Headquarters also formed a great connection over the years with another world-wide company located in japan.'
'The company is called EarthBrain. They partnered with them to further influence and spread the world of'
'smart construction. Their location is at CSPI japan, also known as the largest construction event.'
'Their event can help gather professionals and review other industries to gather data and experiment with new technologies.'
'Smart construction can be used as an infortmative and innovative source of digital technology. 
This includes sofware technology, and the use of Virtual Reality. Cesium Headquarters collaborated with Google to 
build and suggest new projects in the 3D rendering areas, and with Virtual Reality, 
they can almost create an alternate destination or universe beyond reality.