

Early Computing: Crash Course Computer Science #1

One thing I have learned about this video was the use of the Abacus, which was invented in Mesopotamia in 2500BCE.
It is an ancient hand-made calculator with four columns of beads representing the ones, tens, hundreds, and thousands.
Another thing I have learned was the astrolabe. This helps sailors calculate their latitude at sea.
Astrolabes can also be used for calculating height. The third thing I have learned is about the use of 'computer'.
Early in the years, before devices, it used to refer to peopel who are very intelligent at doing self-calculations.



Early Programming: Crash Course Computer Science #10

I have learned about the earliest of Thread Textile Fabric Looms. A person named Josep Marie
created the world's first programmable Textile Loom. He used punch cards as a form of 
telling the Loom what to do. Punch cards were a very natural, weird, but reliable way to store data.
Punch cards were used in the Eleventh United States Census, storing a person's name, date of birth, race, and personal details.
Von Neumann created the Von Neumann Architexture. The worthy machine has a processing unit containing 
arithmetic measures, data registers, and instruction registers. All of these systems are contained by memory funcitons to store both data and instrucitons.



Intro to Algorithms: Crash Course Computer Science #13

Dr. Grace hopper is one of the first programmers on the Harvard Mark 1 computer. The computer was completed in 1944 alongside the war. 
The computer used punch paper tape as data storers. I have also learned more about Dr. Grace, as she created a Programming
language known as Arithmetic Language version 0. To contribute to the new language, she built the first compiler in 1952.
It was made to transfer source code written in a programming language into lower-level so the CPU can directly process it. 
Before people could ever write a program into a computer, they would have to write it themselves on a longer version in paper back in the 1900s.
This was in the early days of processing the native language of computers in machine code.



Software Engineering: Crash Course Computer Science #16

One thing I have learned is an Application Programming Interface. API's are the way that programmers interact across 
various parts of the code, such as using the right objects from a function. 
I have learned about Object Oriented Progeamming. This lets you specify if the functions are public or not,
leading to running an individual object through one already within the function. This programming uses the
ability to hide complexity through selective code. The third topic I have learned about are
Integrated development environments. They put everything you need into code, and is used as a text editor.
They can be use to color-code and improve readability in programmers, leading to better results.


The World Wide Web
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guvsH5OFizE&list=PL8dPuuaLjXtNlUrzyH5r6jN9ulIgZBpdo&index=32